Analysis

1. In general, how useful is the Queue data structure?  Can you think of other uses aside from those discussed in the applications chapter?

Queue data structure is extremely useful, considering we are using it for a train stimulation. Queues are used
in a lot of real life situations, from cars in a toll ticket to ducks crossing a street. 

2. If we didn’t have the Queue data structure can you think of another way to implement the FIFO (first in first out) concept? 

No, like Stack - Queues restrict assess to its entries. However, it is FIFO whereas Stack is LIFO. Queue is a unique data structure where 
no other data structure is like it. You can implement a List to behave similar to Queue, but you won't be able to restrict access to its entries

3. Can the Queue ADT accept/handle null entries?  Why or why not? 

Yes it can, when you dequeue an entry from the Queue, it makes the frontIndex of the queue a null. Therefore, it can handle null entries. It can also
accept null entries, as it has a T parameter. 

Summary

1. Where did you have trouble with this assignment? How did you move forward? What topics still confuse you? 

The only trouble I had with this assignment was a couple bug issues when I tried changing the value for backIndex in the constructor. I moved forward by simply
fixing it by making it queue.length - 1, although that might not have been necessary. No topics still confuse me however.

2. What did you learn from this assignment? (Please be specific) 

The way a circular array works. It was the first time where I implement a circular array, and using frontIndex and backIndex at the same time. For previous assignments and projects
I had always used a concurrent index, and keeping track of only the current index of the array. With the circular array, I had use the backIndex as I'm adding to the back of the array,
and using the frontIndex only to getFront and dequeue.

3. How could this assignment be improved in the future? 

This assignment is fine the way it is at the moment, no changes/improvements are needed.